[USING] Rework recover wasabi (#739)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/WalletRecovery.md

![](/WalletRecoveryAdvanced.png)

:::tip
With this method you can recover a wallet which was generated with any BIP39 compatible software, not just a Wasabi generated wallet.
:::

## Back up Wallet File and Password

Wasabi Wallet creates a backup of your wallet file inside `WalletBackups` in your [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder).
If you have done a backup of this file, then you can copy it to the `Wallets` folder, and upon the next restart of Wasabi, it will show this wallet in the `Wallet Manager`, from there you can open it as usual.

> Using this method will also backup your address labels and cluster history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this method will also backup your address' observers and cluster history.
```

Reviewer: @MaxHillebrand ?
